Added meshery broader capability (#5805)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/concepts/architecture/service-meshes/index.md

list: exclude
---

> As the cloud native manager, Meshery offers support for more adapters than any other project or product in the world. Learn more about [Meshery Adapters]({{ site.baseurl }}/concepts/architecture/adapters) in the Architecture section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the cloud native manager, Meshery offers support for more service meshes than any other project or product in the world. Meshery uses adapters to offer choice of load generator (for performance management) and for managing different layers of your infrastructure.
```
